webcontent.md, before:

# Website Content

## Home Page

** GIDEON LOGO **

General Impact Detection using Emitted Light, Onset of Covid-19, and Nitrogen Dioxide
The odds of the pandemic to the economy are against us. 
Let's beat the odds with satellite data using GIDEON's nowcast tool. 

## About Page

Project G.I.D.E.O.N. (General Impact Detection using Emitted Light, Onset of Covid-19, and Nitrogen Dioxide) makes use of historical quarterly GDP, emitted light (proxy variable for income), onset of covid-19 growth, and environmental factors (nitrogen dioxide content in a country) to predict GDP values sooner. 

It scores countries' GDP forecasted change as light, moderate or heavy/critical to help policy makers made decisions. The "traffic light" system produced by our solution can inform policy makers about certain economic decisions. If the dip in the GDP is caused by mobility, for example, easing lockdown may be essential to jumpstart the economic activity of the country and have the GDP recovery. 

Nowcasting GDP means the countries no longer have to wait until the official GDP quarterly data has been posted before they take action.  


## Meet the Team

### Nick Tobia
Nick is a senior consultant for data analytics for social impact at CirroLytix. He specializes in human rights, peace, democracy and justice reform.

### Miguel Oscar Castelo

### Theresa Tan

### Kristel Zapata

### Helen Mary Labao-Barrameda
Helen is an associate consultant at CirroLytix. She is also a systems and geodetic engineer, web developer, technical writer, and data analyst. he has done projects ranging from GIS, infrastructure development roadmaps, web scraping, database development, systems administration, business intelligence reports, marketing automations, and demand forecasting.

## The Raw Data

Our raw dataset includes the NASA Suomi NPP/VIIRS nighttime imagery band data, the 

## Insights

Commit message:

Added H photo for team page

webcontent.md, after:

# Website Content

## Home Page

** GIDEON LOGO **

General Impact Detection using Emitted Light, Onset of Covid-19, and Nitrogen Dioxide
The odds of the pandemic to the economy are against us. 
Let's beat the odds with satellite data using GIDEON's nowcast tool. 

## About Page

Project G.I.D.E.O.N. (General Impact Detection using Emitted Light, Onset of Covid-19, and Nitrogen Dioxide) makes use of historical quarterly GDP, emitted light (proxy variable for income), onset of covid-19 growth, and environmental factors (nitrogen dioxide content in a country) to predict GDP values sooner. 

It scores countries' GDP forecasted change as light, moderate or heavy/critical to help policy makers craft their decisions with basis from data. The "traffic light" system produced by our solution can inform policy makers about certain economic decisions. If the dip in the GDP is caused by mobility, for example, easing lockdown may be essential to jumpstart the economic activity of the country and have the GDP recovery. 

Nowcasting GDP means the countries no longer have to wait until the official GDP quarterly data has been posted before they take action. 


### Technical Solution Details for About Page




### The Beneficiaries

Policy makers globally can check the "country health status" from our traffic light system to see if their GDP is in danger of falling drastically in the upcoming quarter. Apart from policy decision makers in government, private institutions such as multinational entities that have funds for developing economies globally can also benefit in terms of making decisions on where to make their next investments with good return. 


## Meet the Team

### Nick Tobia
Nick is a senior consultant for data analytics for social impact at CirroLytix. He specializes in human rights, peace, democracy and justice reform.

### Miguel Oscar Castelo

### Theresa Tan

### Kristel Zapata

### Helen Mary Labao-Barrameda
Helen is an associate consultant at CirroLytix. She is also a systems and geodetic engineer, web developer, technical writer, and data analyst. he has done projects ranging from GIS, infrastructure development roadmaps, web scraping, database development, systems administration, business intelligence reports, marketing automations, and demand forecasting.

## The Raw Data

## Insights
